1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you
describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is a tuition free software engineering school focused on project-based learning and peer review.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

There are no instructions on the initial logic test to 42 because the school is trying to see whether or not you have a programmers brain. This entails that you must be able to adapt on the fly and put your head into a problem and solve it.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

To me, the core principles of 42 are that it is open to anyone from any background, you excel as a student through your independence and your search for knowledge through other students, and the curriculum is based around your schedule.

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really
think it’s worth their time?

I think that if someone is trying to get into 42 but has no coding experience then they should just go for it. Its not necessarily about how much knowledge you have but how determined you are to aquire new knowledge. The piscine is an educational accelerator that allows anyone to try their best to learn new concepts and apply those in the same program.

5. What makes 42 unique?

There are many things that are unique about 42. For one, the people are like minded, unique, intellectual people. Everyone who is accepted as a cadet is accepted because of their skill and determination, not by how much money they spend to hold a spot. Another unique faccit of the program is the pedagogy. The curriculuum is project based, but there are no teachers. How are you supposed to learn without teachers? The answer to that is the fact that all the resources you need to learn as a programmer are on the internet, and you are surrounded by likeminded individuals trying to learn the same concepts, so you can bounce ideas around and problem solve with the help of others.

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

The main thing that I am learning at 42 is how to learn. Collaborating with others and using resources to solve problems is an essential skill of any software engineer or developer.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem
for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

If I am stuck on a problem and have no idea how to carry it out I will look towards the help of others to get ideas for solutions.

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

I will remain vigilant and determined to complete at least one level per month because I chose to come to this school and I have been given an extraordinary oppurtunity, so why would I waste that?

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

I would say that the main goal of 42 is to secure people with a career foundation. 42 oushes for internship requirements becasue at the end of the day, education is the key to obtaining a career or job.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

The way internships work is when students reach level 7, they have the choice to take an internship. They can reach out to developers and companies that are either associated or separate from 42. The first internship lasts 16 days(searching for an internship), and the actual internship lasts for 25 weeks. This will allow students to manage their time both with school and work, and most move out of the dorms.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 helps adapt you to a workplace in a few different ways. First off, the ability to reach out to others for inquiries is esential in a workplace. The length of the time you spend in the lab allows you to get accustomed to the hours of an actual work day. Another reason 42 preps you for an actual job is that the project based curriculumm allows you to get accustomed to working on one set task for a set amount of time. Finally, you are able to become comfortable at your work station in the lab.
